chore: Release v4.0.0-beta.1 (#565)
Workday/canvas-kit: 4.0-MIGRATION-GUIDE.md

---

### Popper

`Popper` was changed to a Functional Component with a forwarded ref. If you passed a `ref` object to
`Popper` before, it will now point to the element rather than the `Popper` instance.

PR: https://github.com/Workday/canvas-kit/pull/528

---

### Tooltip

> Tooltip now uses React Portals and has been completely updated to make attaching tooltips much
> easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tooltip now uses our Popper component and has been completely updated to make attaching tooltips
much easier.
```

Reviewer: Should we add an example of the new usage?

Like:

```tsx
<Tooltip title="Add">
  <IconButton variant={IconButton.Variant.Circle} icon={xIcon} aria-label="Add" />
</Tooltip>
```

Author: Planning to convert this migration guide into a 4.0 guide before the final release with notes about all the new features. Definitely want to include this, but was thinking it belonged there 👍
